README.md, before:

# fetch-multipart-graphql

Cross-browser function to fetch and parse streaming multipart graphql responses.

This allows you to efficiently fetch streamed GraphQL responses that use the @defer directive as supported by [Apollo Server](https://blog.apollographql.com/introducing-defer-in-apollo-server-f6797c4e9d6e). It can be easily used in a Relay Modern network layer to support deferred queries.

## Usage

In a Relay Network Layer:

```javascript
import fetchMultipart from 'fetch-multipart-graphql';
import { Observable } from 'relay-runtime';

function fetchQuery(operation, variables) {
    return Observable.create(sink => {
        fetchMultipart('/graphql', {
            method: 'POST',
            headers: {
                'content-type': 'application/json',
            },
            body: JSON.stringify({
                query: operation.text,
                variables,
            }),
            credentials: 'same-origin',
            onNext: parts => sink.next(parts),
            onError: err => sink.error(err),
            onComplete: () => sink.complete(),
        });
    });
}
```

#### Handling cookies and other auth headers

The `credentials` param is passed to [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope/fetch#Parameters). For XHR requests, [`XMLHttpRequest.withCredentials`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/withCredentials) is mapped to true when `credentials: 'include'`.

## Browser Support

Tested in the latest Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Internet Explorer 11. Requires a polyfill for TextEncoder/Decoder. Since only utf-8 encoding is required, it's recommended to use [text-encoding-utf-8](https://www.npmjs.com/package/text-encoding-utf-8) to minimize impact on bundle size.

Commit message:

Make sure all fetch options are passed (#46)
* make sure all fetch options are passed

* updating documentation

README.md, after:

# fetch-multipart-graphql

Cross-browser function to fetch and parse streaming multipart graphql responses.

This allows you to efficiently fetch streamed GraphQL responses that use the @defer directive as supported by [Apollo Server](https://blog.apollographql.com/introducing-defer-in-apollo-server-f6797c4e9d6e). It can be easily used in a Relay Modern network layer to support deferred queries.

## Usage

In a Relay Network Layer:

```javascript
import fetchMultipart from 'fetch-multipart-graphql';
import { Observable } from 'relay-runtime';

function fetchQuery(operation, variables) {
    return Observable.create(sink => {
        fetchMultipart('/graphql', {
            method: 'POST',
            headers: {
                'content-type': 'application/json',
            },
            body: JSON.stringify({
                query: operation.text,
                variables,
            }),
            credentials: 'same-origin',
            onNext: parts => sink.next(parts),
            onError: err => sink.error(err),
            onComplete: () => sink.complete(),
        });
    });
}
```

#### Handling cookies and other auth headers

The `credentials` param is passed to [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope/fetch#Parameters). For XHR requests, [`XMLHttpRequest.withCredentials`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/withCredentials) is mapped to true when `credentials: 'include'`.

#### Handling additional request settings

When `fetch` is not available requests are sent through XHR, which supports standard `method`, `headers`, `credentials` and `body` settings; as seen in the code example above. 
When requests are sent through `fetch` we can also set, in addition to the properties already mentioned, all the [options supported by fetch](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#options).

## Browser Support

Tested in the latest Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Internet Explorer 11. Requires a polyfill for TextEncoder/Decoder. Since only utf-8 encoding is required, it's recommended to use [text-encoding-utf-8](https://www.npmjs.com/package/text-encoding-utf-8) to minimize impact on bundle size.
